Character:
Each character has three main stats:
Strength, Agility, and Knowledge.
There are a few general rules about these stats:
-	Core stats have no max cap on how high they can go
-	Core stats can go down over time if you do not perform the actions necessary to practice them or use they regularly
-	Each of these stats acts as a total of points in a pool, on top of base points. When the power level of your character rises,
  the base increases and x points are added to the pool.

Now for descriptions of the three main stats:

Strength allows characters to make any action such as throwing out an attack, climbing a wall,
or carrying heavy objects. How well or to what degree they are able to make these actions depends on
how high these stats are. Dice rolls from objects can give you bonuses to this score.

Agility determines your movement value, as well as priority over other’s attacks and blocks.
 Attacks and Blocks, which are two key components of this system, always take this value into account.
 This value also affects things like stealing, pickpocketing, and dodging surprise attacks (which is not the same thing as dodging in combat).

Knowledge is a VERY important stat. For any action outside of combat, Knowledge will most likely be more important than strength or agility.
Anyone who uses spellbooks (which are necessary to use magic) must have an equivalent knowledge stat to be able to use the spellbook.
Knowledge is also required to read languages, solve puzzles, or disguise yourself.
Knowledge also has a sub-stat called WK (Or World Knowledge). Your WK will increase over time, and for the greater WK value you have,
you’ll gradually unlock more skills. There is a list of WK skills, any of which may be given out at any point during the game upon acquiring a WK point.
However, the WK skill you receive will be decided by your DM. WK points also do not deteriorate like core skill points do, and the skills you learn are permanent.

Some other things you might want to know about before you jump into making a character are the following:

Hit Points are what allows your character to live. Taking damage in any form lowers them, and if you run out, you die. Make sure to keep track of them!

Background is the backstory of your character. Not essential, but makes things interesting.

Race is self-explanatory and does not affect the game.

Classes, however, are very important, and very flexible. They will decide the specialized skills you have,
and give you extra abilities over time. When your power level goes up, you might gain new skills. Class skills cannot be lost if your power level goes down.

Power Level, or PL, is based on how powerful the weapons you have are. The system, as you gain more powerful weapons,
will give you more power so you can use those weapons. Your PL also is affected by armor, gear, and magic items, as well as WK
(you get a PL point for every WK point you have).

All weapons you have will have a damage tab that tells you how much damage the weapon is capable of dealing provided an attack goes through your opponents’ defense.
Now we’re going to go into a more detailed breakdown of weapons:
Here’s an example longsword.
Name	                Damage	          Durability	   PL	 Other Effects
Basic Longsword	    1d4, cut type	     10 uses/combat	 5	     N/A

We can tell a couple of things from this:
The sword is a basic longsword.
The sword, when attacking does 1 roll of a 4 sided die worth of damage (as indicated by the 1d4).
The sword outside and inside of combat can attack to cut through objects with attacks (straw, weak wood, etc.)
It can be used 10 times per combat without breaking.
It raises your PL by 5 points.

Items work in a similar way, except with only name, durability, PL, and effects.
So now that you know about what stats you’ll have, and how items and weapons work, we can go into combat.

Combat Has 5 steps which go in a specific order as follows:
1.	Priority
2.	Grouping
3.	Assign Actions
4.	Assign Modifiers
5.	Damage
Steps 1,2, and 5 work in a fairly straightforward manner whereas 3 and 4 actually loop for every character in a unit (more on that in a second)
before passing on to step 5. You will also add in CC (combo counts) and Combo Leads during step 1, which is why it’s the most important,
so let’s jump in to talking about it.

Step 1 – Priority

Base Priority (or BP) is fairly straightforward to calculate, with it just being your agility stat plus a d20 dice roll.
If the combined number that you have as your agility stat plus your d20 is greater than your enemy’s, then you get to move first.
You can also use your priority here to get combo leads.

So what exactly are combo leads, anyways?

Combo leads are stats on a weapon that let your team do a technique called priority skipping. Priority skipping means that,
no matter what the other people in your unit roll, you can use the lead to let them get an attack in as the same action as you.
It is possible, if everyone in your unit has combo lead weapons, to let your whole team attack in one action. However, if your opponent has a weapon with combo break,
then they may roll a d10. If the d10 lands within 5 or higher, then your combo is broken and you can’t lead into another one.
If this happens normal priority order resumes.

Certain weapons also have an ability called Priority Skip. This is a fairly simple ability that you can add on during determining priority,
and it gives that many + x agil. Stat during the roll. This makes priority skip very useful for close calls. Priority skip also heightens the roll to break a combo by
one so the range falls from 6-10.

Step 2 – Grouping

As discussed earlier, combo leads are an integral part of the system and actually have their own step called the “grouping” step.
In this step, groups of combo leads must be preassigned to happen in a designated order. You don’t have to decide what character will exactly do, as long as each combo
piece has a combo lead (or groups where someone with combo lead 2 gives 2 non-combo lead characters priority). Combo Breaks are not assigned in this step but are instead
assigned in Assign Actions.

Step 3 – Assign Actions
Assigning actions is also pretty straightforward. You simply decide out of one of three choices:
•	Use an offensive option
•	Use a defensive option
•	Use an ability (whether of an item or weapon)
You only get one action per turn, unless you combo into an option, in which case all combined actions count as one action.
If you break the combo, however, they must all use their own individual Actions.

Step 4 - Assign Modifiers
